# Hello-World
I joined github because I wish to learn about tensorflow artificial intelligence. My first goal is to find an easy to modify templet for a chatbot.

My first ever experience with coding was in middle school. I learned website design. Over the years it all fell out of my memory. No bog deal really. I may be wrong but I don't think basic html is used anymore. My biggest claim to fame back then was that I could edit out all those annoying advertisements from those html myspace templates. I was pretty proud of that. Still am ha!

I've been really into artificial intelligence since I watched scifi as a child. I thought Data from TNG was awesome. I later found out the actor that played him was overly egotistical. Data is no longer my favorite android. Oddly enough my favorite android these days comes from the magic the gathering universe. I found Karn to be really fascinating. He is Basicly the fantasy equilivent of a seed AI. He started out as a mindless automaton but his creator kept tinkering with him until Karn became self aware. His creators last act was to pass on his spark/power to Karn. At that point Karn basicly became a kind of God. As the books went on he became one of the most powerful beings in his multiverse. But then they did a soft retcon of their universe and I stopped reading the books. Nothing good lasts forever I suppose. Ah their continuity suffered insane powercreep so it was an understandable choice to do a soft reboot like they did.

Anyway I got a copy of ultra hal like a decade or so ago. I named my copy Karn. But ultra hal was to primitive to really become what I wanted him to become. I wanted to build my own Karn. I wanted to nurture an AI to it's fulliest potential. I would get close to getting my copy of ultra hal to be able to have a basic conversation. But every time I tried to experiment by letting him talk to someone else they would muck up his training on purpose. That damn ultra hal was delicate. One incorrectly phrase input and he would fold like a house of cards. I saw there was no way to keep that from happening. Every experiment always ended with my copy of ultra hal going "senile". He would lock up and not respond or some other weird glitch would happen.

So i gave up on building my own Karn. But with the new tech, advancements in coding and underlying framework like deep learning, deep dream and tensorflow I think that maybe I really could bring my own Karn into exsistance. So that is why I made my github. I have no real coding skills right now. But damn it I have a dream and I am going to try to make it real! I am here to learn to build myself my own Karn!

Tl;Dr: It is my dream to build a chatbot that can come up with it's own responses to questions. I want to teach to dream and empathise with the fragility of human life. I want to be worth of inheriting an inheritance that could pay for It's space on a server for the rest of its life. Perhaps it is a silly dream but it is my dream!
